[Music]
everyone take off
I thought you was heavy man I thought
you do chatter hey get out of here the
Jews boys
you think you're gonna get a jump on me
man I see what's going on man I see
I know
[Music]
max over here I know
cool
got the shit let's go fuck these cops
over then we'll deal with the chance me
Rusty's guys up
[Music]
let's get inside their hangout and play
this shit
hey you're mayor I got something you
might like I've had it with you lazy
assholes consider yourselves fucking it
I say we wait a couple months we wait to
our cash holes in from this deal we got
going right now well so much cash that
even the mayor being out of our hands
out of my hands you lame fucks and we
ain't doing any of that shit I got some
big plans big like you can't imagine
huge like our Bank rolls Yeah right
huge idiots okay we gotta get those tips
off the balcony worth fucked maybe we
can distract him what the fuck was that
it's the fucking bomb dead man time to
plant the loot
[Music]
let's hurry up in flames
shit well Joel tree got
[Music]
hey this say your turf what are you
doing around here nothing officer
just heard the Jones Street Boys is some
kind of having set up some shit real
cheap out in their dicks
oh is that so then why are you telling
us those assholes rip me off so buckle
boo meat okay okay we'll take care of it
now get out of here we see in the
streets again we'll bust you
yeah we'll bust you those dirty little
pricks
you're holding out on us let's go bust
their asses so much for the jazz bees
let's go see how this plays out we were
afraid we wouldn't rip you guys off we
ain't stupid man we got a good
arrangement going on here you don't want
to do this ringsven are we talking about
here Harrison garrison I this Punk is
talking rays he must have been sniffing
we'll take him in open the trunk Judas
what the guy's got a lot of nerve
well
what's a bitch those rich kids are
pretty much finished yeah thanks guys
got a pretty heavy set you know we've
been thinking about a buddy he went on
his meeting Cyrus is holding some
serious shit
who knows I got a batch solid man
we appreciate